Syntax.md, before:

~start
	Hello Dev's and Wiki editors. This is going to be a page to explain how the wiki works, and what sort of magical syntax we can do with obsidian. 
	
Firstly you will notice that everything is between a ~start and end ~ tag. These will be completely ignored byt the site. But not from obsidian. 
I have a space after the end  so it doesn't end earily. 

# Internal Links
Use them for placing internal links into the page, that we want to still see connected in the graph view on obsidian. (For example if you want to go super pretty and use html. Links inside will not be shown on the graph view, though our tools are able to pretty much pick up the links easily enough.) 

DO NOT use ``<a href>`` in the html tags. The wiki doesn't care about it, and will simply ignore it during pharsing. That is another good reason to have the links in the ~start and end ~ block.  If you need to refer to an external page (not included in the wiki) use [display](http://www.google.com)


To make a link simply put it between two square brackets [[index]] link this. If you want it to display a different word but still link you can go [[index|display]]  On the side you should see a few folders. Those are linked by putting it like folder/NameOfFile  The site will ignore the folders names and only focus on the NameOfFile, though the url will still display these folder. (maybe I'll beable to fix that at some point) 

If you want to link further on a page put a # in the tag like [[#index]]  However the name must match up to the same header.  If you want to link to another page's at a header, use [[Index#group 3 heading 3 ]]

```
![[image.png]] <- this will pull from the images folder on the wiki, obsidian will search the entire wiki to figure out which image you are refering to.

[[Link to inner page]] <- This will make a link to another page on the wiki.

[[Link to inner page|display]] <- This will make a link to another page on the wiki, but have a different display text. 

[display](http://www.google.com)  <- This will show the display text, but link to the url in the brackets. 

[[#header]] <- This will show a link without the #, and jump to that header on the current page.

[[page#header]] <-This will link to the page with the header, it will show the Header tag. 

[[page#header|display]] <- this will show the display, and jump to the page's header that matches. 

```


# Headers
Headers are done like so.
```
# heading 1
## heading 2
###  heading 3 
#### heading 4
##### heading 5
###### heading 6
```

You can only support up to 6 levels. 
Putting it like
```
#header 
```
Will actully make a markup tag.  This is still treated as a Header 1 in the wiki, but obsidian will not see it as such. 

# Tags
Tags are useful for us, I might make the wiki have it searchable by tags at some point, but I don't feel like that will be needed, if we're allow them to search the entire page. 

```
---
tags:
  - Town
  - Midgard
  - Guilds
---
```

Tags are made with 3 hyphans, the word tag: and then a hyphan for each tag. Closed off by 3 hyphans. 

Tags are useful for obsidian since you can search and color by tags in the graphic view. 
	


end~

Commit message:

Kathis: 2022-06-19 18:01:20
Affected files:
.obsidian/workspace
Syntax.md
index.md

Syntax.md, after:

~start
	Hello Dev's and Wiki editors. This is going to be a page to explain how the wiki works, and what sort of magical syntax we can do with obsidian. 
	
Firstly you will notice that everything is between a ~start and end ~ tag. These will be completely ignored byt the site. But not from obsidian. 
I have a space after the end  so it doesn't end earily. 

# Internal Links
Use them for placing internal links into the page, that we want to still see connected in the graph view on obsidian. (For example if you want to go super pretty and use html. Links inside will not be shown on the graph view, though our tools are able to pretty much pick up the links easily enough.) 

DO NOT use ``<a href>`` in the html tags. The wiki doesn't care about it, and will simply ignore it during pharsing. That is another good reason to have the links in the ~start and end ~ block.  If you need to refer to an external page (not included in the wiki) use [display](http://www.google.com)


To make a link simply put it between two square brackets [[index]] link this. If you want it to display a different word but still link you can go [[index|display]]  On the side you should see a few folders. Those are linked by putting it like folder/NameOfFile  The site will ignore the folders names and only focus on the NameOfFile, though the url will still display these folder. (maybe I'll beable to fix that at some point) 

If you want to link further on a page put a # in the tag like [[#index]]  However the name must match up to the same header.  If you want to link to another page's at a header, use [[Index#group 3 heading 3 ]]

```
![[image.png]] <- this will pull from the images folder on the wiki, obsidian will search the entire wiki to figure out which image you are refering to.

[[Link to inner page]] <- This will make a link to another page on the wiki.

[[Link to inner page|display]] <- This will make a link to another page on the wiki, but have a different display text. 

[display](http://www.google.com)  <- This will show the display text, but link to the url in the brackets. 

[[#header]] <- This will show a link without the #, and jump to that header on the current page.

[[page#header]] <-This will link to the page with the header, it will show the Header tag. 

[[page#header|display]] <- this will show the display, and jump to the page's header that matches. 

```


# Headers
Headers are done like so.
```
# heading 1
## heading 2
###  heading 3 
#### heading 4
##### heading 5
###### heading 6
```

You can only support up to 6 levels. 
Putting it like
```
#header 
```
Will actully make a markup tag.  This is still treated as a Header 1 in the wiki, but obsidian will not see it as such. 

# Tags
Tags are useful for us, I might make the wiki have it searchable by tags at some point, but I don't feel like that will be needed, if we're allow them to search the entire page. 

```
---
tags:
  - Town
  - Midgard
  - Guilds
---
```

Tags are made with 3 hyphans, the word tag: and then a hyphan for each tag. Closed off by 3 hyphans. 

Tags are useful for obsidian since you can search and color by tags in the graphic view. 
	
# Spoiler / Collapsible

The syntax for this is basically a `` > `` Obsidian will show it as a box in the reader, you cannot collapse it in obsidian, but the site will treat this as a collapsible box. 
>it looks like this
>you can do multiple lines
>and it will contiune. 

end~
